One suggestion we got from playtest is that the player that it is 
difficult for the player who falls behind to catch up. To handle this, we 
applied scores instead of the number of flags as the goal of the game. We
added another round in the game where the flags are re-generated. Thus, 
the players will have another chance to build their advantage. We also 
added a "Party time" at the last 10s of each round, when the scores earned 
will be doubled, giving the players a larger chance to catch up. Moreover, 
we introduced powerups in the second round to give the falling-behind 
player another window to win.

Another suggestion we received is that the game would be more compatitive 
if the players can hinder each other's movement in some way. We added 
collision between the players so that they can interfere and block each 
other.

We also introduced more guide level as we found the game hard for the new 
players to learn the control, and improved the block selection progress. 
We have separate tutorial levels for playermovement, choosing the blocks 
and placing the blocks. Then we have a simple level where suggestions will 
be presented if the player forgets. Furthermore, we improved our 
visualization in block placement. Now it will auto-switch to the next 
available block after the current one is set. We also added a box arround 
each block when placing them to indicate if the current position is valid 
or not.

Furthermore, we made the game more juicy by adding the background music 
and sound effect for the mountain night level and add more fun.


